Hey folks! My name is John Thomson. I am the
founder of Spring Framework Guru. I want
to welcome you to my Spring Framework 5
course. So this course is subtitled
Beginner to Guru. So I designed this
course to take you from not being
able to even spell Spring or Spring
Framework, if you really want to get
big and to being an expert. That's why
I'm calling it a guru. So I want you to
be an expert with the Spring Framework
by the time you finish this course.
That's exactly why I've designed this
course. Now I've been teaching Spring for
about two years now. Started off with a
Spring 4 course, Been working with
Spring for over a decade. Even worked as
a Pivotal Spring source consultant with
several of their customers, I spoke at
Spring One. So I have a lot of experience
of Spring. I'll try to convey as much as
I have to you in this course. So going
forward in the course, there's a few
tricks that you can do. One of them is to
fork my repositories. You can
have complete source code access inside
github. There's a ton examples there. Everything is I used branches so you get
a starting branch and an ending branch for
in github. So you can see each step
of the way, exactly what was changed and
then you can check that out. And there's tools
that you can use to compare your code to
the branch that we're on. So you can see
all that stuff and I highly recommend
you to go in and fork that. Take my repository,
fork it and then as you work inside your
repository, you build up these great
Spring examples. When you go to get a job
as a Spring Framework Developer, guess
what? You have a whole github repository
of Spring Framework code that you can
share with your prospective employer. So
it's a great tool, a great way to
demonstrate your experience with the
Spring Framework. So there's a lot of
great content ahead in this course. We
get into a lot of different things. It's
been a lot of fun for me to do this
course because I did my Spring Framework
four courses almost two years ago.
I've got piped 13-14
thousand students have been through my
various courses at this point. So I got a
lot of feedback from students taking
courses and I was able to roll that into
this course. I had a lot of things,
I saw common questions.
My previous course, I didn't cover
uploading a video, I'm sorry,
uploading an image to the database. That's in this course. We'll talk about
multiple data sources, different data
source configuration. So these are all
common questions that I see. People start
off with a Spring Framework and then they
get a job and then they start getting
more and more complicated scenarios
thrown at them and that's why
I'm also expanding out the amount of
technology that we're using in this
course. There's a lot of things that I
want to show you like MySQL, MongoDB. MongoDB is really cool because we can do
Reactive Programming with it. So this is
all the stuff I'm adding into the course so
you have a much broader understanding of
the Spring Framework and you can see how
the Spring Framework is used in the
enterprise. So I'm pretty excited about
that. Support for the course. If you need
help, please leave me a detailed message
on the course, the actual module. There's
a commenting system where you can leave
that message for me and then I can read
that and post my reply because your
messages your questions as you get
into trouble, others are going to see, may
see that same issue. So by posting there
that's a great way for them to see
it. If we really get stuck, I might not be
able to answer everything sometimes. I
need to see the whole project and again
that's why I said fork yourself
in github and then you can send me a
link to your github account. I will fork
it back to my github repository, fix it
and then send you a pull request with
a detailed explanation of what happened. Then sometimes I'll even video this and
I'll put it into troubleshooting Spring. That's kind of a challenge for me where
the students having a problem, I will go
in not knowing what to expect and jump
in and go through it and you can see me live coding, troubleshooting
something. And this is stuff when you go
through happy path, you're not going to
get that type of detail. So pretty
excited about these different techniques
that we can. So I really hope you enjoy
the course and if you hit any troubles
or just want to say hi go ahead and
reach out and contact me. Thanks!